Yes next yeah- not this time
I went to buy this v-jump
Well I went a little
Well still hit but I've tried that hero water unit in the hatch Hyakku
For those who have 40,000 points
It was a little useless in yellow not a unit
Something that Keio and normally attack point a little left minus the Te ultra-unit Kamoshida
simple
I now decided how
After all trunks future good
Use your rune super surprisingly
After all, the number of views there is a hit point
Is it not good
Follow
Well it is this point of score
It is a gear formic anglers
I can use this myself
It is this good I'm Nikun'nan when you restart the machine Nars finger
So gt right power to accelerate
Well in the future yesterday minute type d
It may be good to use a guy
type c is
Well verified that if it was not verified or if it is not at all to the large play deck
It has become a lot that there was no
But
Well this is a movie
Recommended delicious
It is the position of Son Gohan, then 10 gt te
Well that's the case if that previous gm 4 bullets
It was a crazy warrior type of mathematical math at that time
Well gm 5 bullets and money
Well of round-table
It's a mission first number 1
Use super unit gt ur super unit
Well this is good for people
round
It's your combat force is doubled Well 3
Made in six races and 2000 of the way 4000 t you put in the place of the combat force 3000
At the place of 2000
That 's pretty good
Well round
There is also a spark
Oh dear
If this is may Speaking of better
Hmm
I'm the result of the discharge I did it four times and I said it earlier
Rice g
U
Ume-jinp before
Yes out this seed
Son Goku Shonen Period ur
Well this is my friendship level and I've been on the right platform for a long time now
I wonder if it's Kana
Left side ah
I 'm a student of that store
Well , there are a lot of students who are getting older recently
I felt like it was about 30
But some people of each government Well wonder if students of the
Yeah, etc. or which is which
It is said that I was saved because I could not do my right stand
Yeah it Where is
Maybe I 'm doing it first on the right platform- this is a pack of village country boyhood ur
I realized I was thinking I would try to play on the left side
You may be the one on the left side
Maybe
If so, I have to thank that person
Thank you for your help
I Nde still did not this guy emissions
This if maybe I would have been provided free of charge to those who do not have After Tsu dub
Tobe I'd registration now eternal Masayan kun to that question to the jinx Sarn this
This is a very sturdy body
Hey, how are you a do-mission
It may be good in the tournament, but how is it in the mission?
More than 3000 yen when what was lost in this charge impact would be what
Reduce the damage of the Normal and Special Moves to 0
And it is every time
This is how more of it mission Is that the
How is it
After all that side position
Well that's about it
Well the heroes have been played for a long time
For those who are
I do not understand if you don't listen
It is the voice of this super solid body whether it is the voice of Mr. Bejinku 365
Self-driving is a little mission
It's a matter of course
It is such a place this time